time: 1	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: not yet occurred
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: newArrival
requests:
3: not yet occurred
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: newArrival
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: ready
requests:

p6:	state: ready
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 2	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: not yet occurred
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: not yet occurred
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: newArrival
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: ready
requests:

p6:	state: ready
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 3	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: not yet occurred
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: not yet occurred
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: newArrival
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: ready
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 4	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: not yet occurred
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: not yet occurred
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: newArrival
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 15
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 5	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing request 3

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: not yet occurred
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: in progress
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: newArrival
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 15
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 6	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 1

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing request 3

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: in progress
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: in progress
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: newArrival
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 15
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 7	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 1

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing request 3

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: in progress
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: in progress
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: not yet occurred

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: newArrival
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 8	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 1

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: processing
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: in progress
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: in progress

p4:	state: newArrival
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 9	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 1

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: in progress
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: not yet occurred

time: 10	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 1

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing request 9

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: in progress
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: in progress

time: 11	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 1

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: in progress
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: not yet occurred
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: finished

time: 12	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: not yet occurred
9: finished

time: 13	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing request 8

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: not yet occurred
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: in progress
9: finished

time: 14	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing request 8

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing request 6

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: in progress
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: in progress
9: finished

time: 15	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing request 7

r3:	servicing request 8

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing request 6

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: in progress
7: in progress

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: in progress
9: finished

time: 16	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing request 8

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing request 6

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: not yet occurred

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: in progress
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: processing
in memory from 7 to 13
requests:
8: in progress
9: finished

time: 17	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing request 2

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing request 6

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: in progress
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 18	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing request 4

r8:	servicing request 2

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing request 6

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: in progress
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: in progress
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 19	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing request 2

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing request 6

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: blocked
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: processing
in memory from 15 to 19
requests:
6: in progress
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 20	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: ready
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 21	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 22	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: not yet occurred

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 23	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing request 5

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: in progress

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 24	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing request 5

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: in progress

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 25	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing request 5

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: blocked
in memory from 0 to 3
requests:
1: finished
2: in progress

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: in progress

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 26	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing request 5

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: done
requests:
1: finished
2: finished

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: in progress

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 27	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing request 5

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: done
requests:
1: finished
2: finished

p2:	state: processing
in memory from 3 to 7
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: in progress

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

time: 28	memory size: 40
Resources:
r7:	servicing none

r8:	servicing none

r3:	servicing none

r6:	servicing none

r2:	servicing none

r1:	servicing none

Processes:

p1:	state: done
requests:
1: finished
2: finished

p2:	state: done
requests:
3: finished
4: finished
5: finished

p3:	state: done
requests:
6: finished
7: finished

p4:	state: done
requests:

p5:	state: done
requests:

p6:	state: done
requests:

p7:	state: done
requests:
8: finished
9: finished

